link to CodePen: https://codepen.io/Savonrye/pen/poyWJoO?editors=1100

Questions:
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
  Semantic HTML is using code or markup to reinforce the information you are giving the website.  

2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used for developing websites, almost like a tool, that gives you complete control in creating it.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes are like additional characteristics or properties of an element such as width and height.
We would use this if we were changing font size or borders and etc. 
    
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tag is the number one header tag for the most important header. It is only used once.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
a and img
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Usually it is the h1 header, any anchor, and the first p tag.
    
    7. What is an id? 
An id is like a classification of a tag or section
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
sections

   9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
only once
    
    10. What is a class? 
an attribute used to specify a class for an HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Sections, divs, span, headers and paragraphs
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as many as you want
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
use an anchor and then a href tag and the the URL
    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
id="firstname-lastname"
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section is like the overall parent and divs are more tight smaller groups
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is for stylizing and making your code look more appealing.
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
You use the tag h2 and then use a curly bracket and put your code inside their. h2{ font-size:20px;}
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Id's are unique as in you can only use Id's onlye once and a single element where classes you can use on multiple elements.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
You select classes by using a period in the beginning and then whatever you named your class to be.
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
A parent child selector is a selector that selects all elements that a direct child from the specific element. It would be useful for an element like li or ul.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar li
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo selector is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{
border: 20px solid
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
function selectall
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
start with /* and end with */
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm newfile.txt you have to be careful because this will completely delete it off your computer
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
version-control system for tracking changes in source code during software development.
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
everytime you enter something new
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin branch-name 
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Create your own repo and fork it
add your TL
clone your repo
use your terminal or CLI and find a directory
fork your repo from github using the git clone command
cd in the newly created repo
git checkout -b command for a new branch
and git commit -m for a special message 
then git push -u origin branch name
go back to the forked repo page on github
click on your branch
create a new pull request
change it to your forked repo on the bae repository
add your TL to the reviewers and wait for them to join
